DDS-1350 [Radio] Retouching (#61)
dsv-rp/DDS: .changeset/little-cameras-share.md

---
"@daikin-oss/design-system-web-components": minor
---

> **BREAKING CHANGE** Radio: The `readonly`, `size` and `error` property has been removed. (DDS-1350)

Reviewer: nit.

```suggestion
**BREAKING CHANGE** Radio: The `readonly`, `size` and `error` properties have been removed. (DDS-1350)
```

> **BREAKING CHANGE** Radio: The `size` property has been removed and replaced with a standard size. (DDS-1350)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING CHANGE** Radio: The `readonly` and `size` property has been removed. (DDS-1350)
```

> **BREAKING CHANGE** Radio: The `labelPosition` property has been removed `left` and added `hidden`. (DDS-1350)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING CHANGE** Radio: The `labelPosition` property no longer supports `"left"`. Instead, it now supports `"hidden"`. (DDS-1350)
**BREAKING CHANGE** Radio: The `labelPosition` attribute (not property) has been renamed to `label-position`.
```
